# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   twilio
aiohttp-retry==2.8.3
    # via twilio
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   bs4
    #   unstructured
bs4==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
emoji==2.12.1
    # via unstructured
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via fastapi
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.2.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.0.62
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langchainhub==0.1.20
    # via -r requirements.in
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.1.82
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.2.2
    # via unstructured
markdown==3.6
    # via unstructured
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
nltk==3.8.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pgvector
    #   unstructured
openai==1.35.5
    # via langchain-openai
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.10.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchainhub
    #   marshmallow
    #   unstructured-client
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pgvector==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via twilio
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via unstructured-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
rapidfuzz==3.9.3
    # via unstructured
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchainhub
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   twilio
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via unstructured-client
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.4.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   unstructured
twilio==9.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.12.3
    # via fastapi-cli
types-requests==2.32.0.20240622
    # via langchainhub
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   emoji
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
unstructured==0.14.9
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.23.8
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
    #   unstructured-client
uvicorn==0.30.1
    # via fastapi
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
